#IO
fn_yaff                 :   pars_cov.txt
fn_charmm22_prm         :   None
fn_charmm22_psf         :   None
fn_sys                  :   system.chk
plot_traj               :   final
xyz_traj                :   False
fn_traj                 :   traj.cp
log_level               :   high
log_file                :   quickff.log

#Program
program_mode            :   DeriveFF

#FF config
only_traj               :   PT_ALL
ffatypes                :   None
ei                      :   pars_ei.txt
ei_rcut                 :   50*angstrom
vdw                     :   None
vdw_rcut                :   20*angstrom
covres                  :   None

excl_bonds              :   None
excl_bends              :   O_CA.Zr\.
excl_dihs               :   None
excl_oopds              :   None

do_hess_mass_weighting  :   True
do_hess_negfreq_proj    :   False
do_cross_svd            :   True

do_bonds                :   True
do_bends                :   True
do_dihedrals            :   True
do_oops                 :   True
do_cross_ASS            :   False
do_cross_ASA            :   False
do_cross_DSS            :   False
do_cross_DSD            :   False
do_cross_DAA            :   False
do_cross_DAD            :   False

bond_term               :   BondHarm
bend_term               :   BendAHarm

do_squarebend           :   True
do_bendclin             :   True
do_sqoopdist_to_oopdist :   True
